# JupyterHub-Exercises-for-SCTC-1013
This Repository contains all current and past versions of the sypplemental Python Exercises, for use in SCTC 1013, as well as guidelines for further transformations.
The ReadMe in particular will go into detail on what the motivations and goals for these Exercises are. Specifically, what qualities and teaching strategies do I want to emulate through these Exercises, in ways that I find the main course content to be lacking?

## The Learning Method
I want each Exercise to possess the following qualities:
* Feasible: The Exercises should be doable using ONLY the techniques, strategies, and functions that are introduced in the Exercise itself as well as those in previous labs and exercises. For example, the tasks in Exercises 04 should be doable using the things within Exercises 04 itself as well as Exercises 02/03 and Labs 00 to 04, but should require none of the techniques that are introduced in, say, Lab 05.
* Toolbox: I believe that a student's familiarity with a function comes from repeated use and exposure, and so I will often create a giant list of all relevant functions and methods within the Exercises themselves as a 'toolbox'. The purpose of this toolbox should be as a reference that the student can quickly look to while solving the problems within the Exercise. For example, if a problem tells a student to splice a string into difference parts, the student would thus scroll to the toolbox table and search for that function or method that accomplishes such a task.
* Challenging: The Exercises should NOT restrict themselves to the difficulty of the respective Labs that they are paired with. I'd like for the difficulty to facilitate discussions and collaborations between students as to how to solve it, as well as provide a much deeper and more fluent understanding of the relevant strategies that the regular labs may be lacking in. However, I understand that we need to strike a balance in regards to difficulty, as otherwise, students will be more than willing to rely on AI to do the Exercises for them.
* Hands-On: I do NOT want to provide code for the students to merely 'run' unless absolutely necessary (most of the time, this 'absolute necessity' will be because there are some coding techniques that cannot be avoided and are beyond the scope of the Exercises). Instead, any directions and tasks are given in word form, and left to the student to translate into code. I will give slight hints that will steer the student in the right direction, but I will not blatantly spell out which functions to use where. This sort of 'choose your path' aesthetic is a bit ambitious, mainly because one must intimately know the relevant functions to a substantial degree before being able to freely choose what to use where, but given that most of these functions are given to them within the Exercises themselves, I hope that this won't be a major point of contention.
* Far-Reaching: As much as possible, I want to steer the tasks of the Exercises away from mere data-oriented and course-relevant topics to things that students may possess more of an interest for. Coding in itself is much more like a language than a STEM science, and to learn a language effectively, you must learn to 'live with it' in a way that doesn't confine its use to the classroom. In effect, by delving into such topics like number theory (Exercises 02) and cryptography (Exercises 04), I'm gambling that some students will find that these ventures may align with their hobbies and interests, and thus realize the potential uses for coding even beyond the limited data-oriented scope that SCTC 1013 focuses on. This would therefore create a drive to learn and speak in the language of Python that is facilitated by genuine interest rather than a letter grade.
